[Music]
I found a way to the atrium give me a
minute to get into gear or join you at
the party good girl okay here's the plan
the security guards must have access to
the elevators you just need to get close
to one of them and snag a key card
there are carrying weapons sensors how
can we get close without being detected
well I can't have them out all the time
let's split up and see if we can catch
one of them on a break or something it's
worth a shot contact me if you find one
I do the same all right good luck
[Music]
excuse me miss this is the men's
bathroom oh my god I'm so embarrassed
sorry
[Music]
I did it you got access to the elevator
yes Wow I wouldn't say the men's room it
nevermind just meeting with the east
elevator we still have to deal with the
elevator security cameras hmm maybe
we're going about this the wrong way
instead of a cover-up maybe we should
put on a real show once we get inside
the elevator
just follow my lead and do what comes
natural okay okay
[Music]
oh I think we're being watched let them
nope check this out um the camera sorry
boys
this is private
maybe the dresser for all interesting
tactic Hanan what captain Shannon
continued be a good girl and go get
Jen's package that we can get upstairs
here scan this for prints
good evening doctor noon it'll take a
few minutes to locate and deactivate the
security video monitoring system ok I'll
hold to the 86th floor and wait for your
signal this is my stuff good luck Hannah
see you soon
rain come in yeah the elevator stopped
on the 84th floor might be on to us so
stay frosty if you wrote maybe I can
time I'm going into the shaft be careful
[Music]
ringg I'm inside the ventilation shaft
on the 86th floor am i clear not yet
I need a little more time to locate and
deactivate the security systems hurry
this vent is really cramping my style
[Music]